Take me out tonight
Where there's music and there's people and they're young and alive
Driving in your car
I never, never want to go home
Because I haven't got one anymore
Take me out tonight
Because I want to see people and I want to see life
Driving in your car
Oh, please don't drop me home
Because it's not my home, it's their home and I want them all
And if a double-decker bus
Crashes into us
To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die
And if a ten-ton truck
Kills the both of us
To die by your side
Well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine
Take me out tonight
Take me anywhere, don't care, don't care, don't care
And in the darkened and the past
I thought, oh God, my chance has come at last
But then a strange fear gripped me and I just couldn't ask
Take me out tonight
Oh, take me anywhere, don't care, don't care, don't care
Driving in your car
I never, never want to go home
Because I haven't got one for long
Oh, I haven't got one
And if a double-decker bus
Crashes into us
To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die
And if a ten-ton truck
Kills the both of us
To die by your side
Well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine
Oh, there is a light and it never goes out